Added suggestions (#8)
jfy133/taxprofiler-manuscript: taxprofiler-manuscript.qmd

While we feel this is currently a reasonable investment as such databases can be repeatedly re-used, we are exploring the possibility to add an additional complementary workflow in the pipeline to allow automated database construction of all classification tools, given a set of FASTA reference files.

Finally, once an overall taxonomic profile is generated, researchers often wish to validate hits through more sensitive and accurate methods such as with read-mapping alignment.
While read alignment is supported by other pipelines such as StaG-mwc, this happens in-parallel to the taxonomic profiling and requires prior expectation of which reference genomes to map against.
Instead, nf-core/profiler could be easily extended to have a validation step similar to that of the ancient DNA metagenomic pipeline aMeta [@Pochon2022-hj] where, utilising Nextflow's execution parallelism, the input sequences could be aligned back to the reference genomes of only those species with hits from the taxonomic classification with dedicated accurate short- or long-read aligners.

> As well <!-- Is there a word missing here? --> could also be particularly useful for researchers in palaeogenomics who wish to use other tools other than KrakenUniq for initial classification (as in aMeta), where alignment information can be used to authenticate ancient DNA within their samples but also in clinical metagenomics to identify potential pathogens at a much finer resolution (e.g. down to strain level).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the more precise classification, post-classification read-alignment could also be particularly useful for researchers in palaeogenomics who wish to use other tools other than KrakenUniq for initial classification (as in aMeta), where alignment information can be used to authenticate ancient DNA within their samples but also in clinical metagenomics to identify potential pathogens at a much finer resolution (e.g. down to strain level).
```
